stop focusing on the volume of leads
you're getting and do this instead hey
i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and host of the top 100 marketing
podcast business growth show so why the
heck shouldn't you focus on getting as
many leads into your sales pipeline as
possible well the issue with this is
that many of these leads might just be
interested
for example they might be interested in
picking your brains learning more about
your industry trying to get your help to
solve that problem or without actually
having any intent to actually buy your
stuff to buy your product or your
service and if you are a service based
industry this can be a huge waste of
your time providing out free
consultations for people that are never
actually gonna dip their hands into
their pockets and buy your stuff and
likewise it can waste the prospects time
because you might not even be the best
fit to help them out so instead of
focusing on purely vaguely interested
leads and getting as many of those into
your pipeline as possible focus on sales
qualified leads so what the heck counts
as a qualified lead well a qualified
lead is someone who actually has a
problem or issue that your solution
actually fixes
they believe that your solution can
either help make their lives or their
business much better
or they believe it's gonna help them
solve that problem and
most importantly you might think they've
actually got the cash they've got the
budget to be able to do business with
you and invest in your offer so how can
you only drive qualified inbound leads
well this is where your website becomes
super handy so as a quick example at
webchoiceuk.com
our focus is building custom websites
and seo strategies that generate inbound
leads and sales so we're not trying to
be a jack of all trades and master of
none we're not trying to do kind of all
the stuff there as well as videos
photography influencer marketing social
media management and marketing all these
different bits and pieces under one roof
we know what we do well and what we
don't so we focus on that because it
ultimately attracts idle clients and
drives qualified leads and revenue
secondly
we're clear on who we can
and can't help so i advise you to do the
same so think about the type of
customers that fit your ideal client
persona i.e the ones you enjoy working
with the one that generate good revenue
and you can bring results for be clear
on
exactly what kind of persona what type
of industries they're in
thirdly
be open about your pricing so
if you're a sas software as a service
company share your different pricing
models or if you're more of a project or
service based company share examples of
what project rates can look like
so this is going to help you in the
sense that if people don't have the cash
to deal with you they'll see a quick
idea of your rates they'll think well we
can't even justify that budget right now
so they won't get in touch and likewise
if people have a look at your rates they
can understand what you're working with
to make sure they can actually afford
what you do and save both parties time
lastly
share case studies
processes
and how you work this could be in the
form of kind of case study detail pages
on your website of clients that you've
helped it could be video reviews of
projects that you've successfully
carried out it could include
testimonials examples reviews and
references to not only leverage and
showcase
great job great works that you've
carried out it can also build trust in
the sense that
you're showing how you've helped people
and the results that you've brought for
them and the problems you've helped them
overcome so think about all those steps
to essentially qualify
people as best as possible before they
reach out to you and filter out the time
wasters and there you have it those are
my quick tips on why you shouldn't focus
on volume of leads but focus on
qualified inbound leads as always if you
found this episode of use uh subscribe
is much appreciated and why not check
out my weekly email it's
businessgrowth.email that's
businessgrowth.email
it starts your week off with a bang we
provide useful podcasts free guides and
actual marketing tips each and every
monday to hit your inbox
and with that i shall catch you on the
next one cheers